suggest JSON API/JavaScript users use the bindings and codegen (#14536)
digital-asset/daml: docs/source/json-api/index.rst

For these and other features, use :doc:`the Ledger API </app-dev/ledger-api>`
instead.

If you are using this API from JavaScript or TypeScript, we strongly recommend using :doc:`the JavaScript bindings and code generator </app-dev/bindings-ts/index>` rather than invoking these endpoints directly.

> This will both simplify access to the endpoints described here, and with TypeScript, guide you with respect to the JavaScript value format for each of your contracts, choice arguments, and choice results.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will both simplify access to the endpoints described here and (with TypeScript) help to provide the correct JavaScript value format for each of your contracts, choice arguments, and choice results.
```
Rewording for a bit more clarity and to avoid repetition of the word 'with'.
